[MUSIC]
>> Scott: All we need to do now is like
I said we've got to create a ListView.
And I'm not going to focus
on the search bar right now.
We'll just go ahead and create that
ListView and see what that looks like.
So I'll make a new component
here called ExerciseList.
And this is, we're just gonna
bootstrap this right quick,
React, (Component) from 'react'.
And this one's actually
gonna be really important.
So definitely look at this one.
So we're gonna have a View, some Text and
a ListView from 'react.native'.
>> Scott: And we're just gonna
export class ExerciseList.
>> Scott: Cool, the ListView is pretty
much just gonna be the native view
component underneath either Android or
iOS.
So it's not just like some regular
scroll view that's ill performant.
So it's gonna native version of it.
So it's the API is a little
different to work with.
So the first thing we wanna do
is we'll say constructor and
the ExerciseList is we're gonna pass
the ExerciseList a list of exercises.
So let's just set up some
default props for that.
So we'll say static defaultProps
= .
So that will be it.
>> Speaker 2: Scott.
>> Scott: Yes?
>> Speaker 2: You got an import
react on the top of that?
You do?
>> Scott: Yes.
>> Speaker 2: Then why's
it showing up in red?
>> Scott: What is?
This?
>> Speaker 2: Yeah.
>> Scott: Because my linter
doesn't know about that.
>> Speaker 2: Okay.
>> Scott: My linter is not smart
enough yet.
>> Speaker 2: Sorry.
>> Scott: I'm not smart enough to tell my
linter how to be smart enough.
>> Speaker 2: Comment from the channel.
>> Scott: Yeah,.
>> Speaker 2: This is some straight Jedi
stuff here [LAUGH]
>> Scott: Yeah,
so in the constructor what
we wanna do is call super.
And we need to set up a specific
data source for our ListView.
You can't just pass like object or
an array to ListView.
You got to use this data source thing.
So what we'll do is
we'll say const ds =
new ListView.cloneWithRows.
That doesn't sound right.
Just let me double check.
>> Scott: It is,
no .DataSource row exchange.
Yeah, so new ListView.DataSource
which is going to be
a function here and takes an object.
And we'll say rowHasChanged which is
going to be a method that determines if
a row is different.
So it uses like algorithm to determine
if the data you pass in is different so
it can render the list performantly.
rowHasChanged, and this is going to give
you the previous row with the next row.
So we'll say rowHasChanged(r1,
r2) and all this on one line is crazy.
>> Scott: And we'll just say
return row one does not equals
>> Scott: row two.
So it's just going to
compare those two things.
If they don't equal each other,
then it's changed.
That's the algorithm that we want.
So we got that.
>> Scott: And then now we want
to do is say this.state = {,
and we'll just call this exercise,
we'll just call this ds for
short too, or dataSource.
And this is gonna be ds.cloneWithRows and
this is where we actually pass in
the data that we wanna provide.
And by default we wanna use
the props that was passed in.
So we can actually get props from
the constructor as the first argument, and
we can say props.exercises.
So that would be the default.
>> Scott: So
that we have our new dataSource,
we can actually render this ListView now.
So what we're doing is we're
making a new dataDource,
setting up the algorithm that's gonna
determinate if it change or not, and
it's gonna bind that to our state.
So we can use it, so
now we'll go make our render function.
And we'll say ListView, and
the ListView takes in
a dataSource which is gonna
be this.state.dataSource
>> Scott: Actually is it dataSource?
Let's double check.
Yeah, it is dataSource, sweet.
>> Scott: All right, so
it's gonna take in a dataSource.
And this also is gonna take
in a renderRow method,
which determines what the rows in
the ListView are gonna look like.
So they can be any component we want.
So we'll just in line it right quick.
So let's just say it's going to be,
we'll just say it's just going
to be a Wiew with a Text.
And you get access to the individual row,
which will be the individual exercise, so
we'll say exercise.
And all exercises have names, so
we'll say, exercise.name.
So we're just gonna render a list
with the exercises on them, and
have their names rendered,
that’s about it.
>> Scott: Any questions on the ListView?
This is just the beginning of it.
There's more to it.
Cuz then you gotta think about, well how
do we update this when the props come in?
>> Scott: Because right now,
it's just getting props.exercises which
is at first is gonna be empty array but
when this updates,
we're not updating the dataSource.
So we have to update the dataSource too.
And wherever we wanna do that
it's actually just gonna be in
the render function.
And this is broken because
I didn't put a return.
There we go.
And we can do that in the render function,
we can say const dataSoure
= this.setState or
this.state.clone.
We'll call the same method cloneWithRows,
and
we'll pass in the new
this.props.exercises.
So this will updated it for us.
So now we have dataSource and
we just pass in dataSource.
The reason we do it here is you know the
render method is gonna be called whenever
the props are updated.
So this is a chance for
us to make a new dataSource.
>> Speaker 2: Now type on the line
22 waiting your exercises.
>> Scott: Ex, see?
That's what happened to me last time,
I had to change everything in the app.
Exercise cool all right so we have that.
The other way is we can actually just
like, we can call connect and get
the exercise ourselves right here too if
we want because this isn't ExerciseList.
So, although it's a UI component,
we can literally just connect to it and
get the exercises ourselves which I
think is what I did in this solution.
But sometimes I do things differently.
But we'll just pass it in, no big deal.
If we got it if we got it ourselves
we wouldn't have to do this.
But it's all good.
So we got the ExerciseList,
we got the ExerciseModal, and
then now all we need to do is just
hook this up to the search bar.
So the search bar if we go look at it,
it's freaking out because
it needs a onTextChange.
And, yeah it just needs a onTextChage.
So we need to give it a method
to when it changes the text.
So we'll go back to the ExerciseModal and
we'll say,
onTextChange, run some method
here that we don't have, so
we need to pass that method
into the ExerciseModal.
And the method that will pass in is,
what do we want to do on onTextChange?
What we'll do, so
we got to make this like a class
>> Scott: Export, extends, component.
>> Scott: There we go.
And we'll just copy this
stuff right here and
render
>> Scott: There we go,
so we still got that.
So on the text change for this,
we just need to make a method right quick,
and we'll just say like handle change.
Oops.
>> Scott: handleTextChange, that'll work.
And this will give us the text.
There we go and then with this text we're
gonna actually do something, sweet.
So, now that we got that,
we need to do is go ahead and
bring in the, wait where is the top part?
There we go, SearchBar is in there,
LinearGradient is in there, cool.
We need to go ahead and
bring in the ExerciseList in here.
So we'll do that now.
Say import
from './ExerciseList';.
There we go.
And we'll place it down here.
>> Scott: All right that was a whole lot.